[DOC-1090][DOC-1015][2025.2] yb-tablet-metadata and additional views for pg-stat-statements (#29465)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/launch-and-manage/monitor-and-alert/query-tuning/pg-stat-statements.md

| blk_read_time        | double precision | Not populated in YugabyteDB                                                                                    |
| blk_write_time       | double precision | Not populated in YugabyteDB                                                                                    |
| yb_latency_histogram | jsonb            | List of key value pairs where key is the latency range and value is the count of times a query was executed    |

> | docdb_read_rpcs      | bigint           | Number of roundtrips requests made to the local YB-TServer that includes only read operations                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| docdb_read_rpcs      | bigint           | Number of roundtrip requests made to the local YB-TServer that include only read operations.                 |
```

| docdb_write_rpcs     | bigint           | Number of roundtrips requests issued to the local YB-TServer that includes at least 1 write operation         |
| catalog_wait_time   | bigint           | Wall clock wait time (in ms) for catalog requests, including the network latency                                |
| docdb_read_operations | bigint         | Total number of read operations sent as part of RPC requests                                                   |
| docdb_write_operations | bigint        | Total number of write operations sent as part of RPC requests                                                  |

> | docdb_wait_time     | double precision | Wall clock wait time (in ms) for storage requests in YSQL layer, including the network latency               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| docdb_wait_time     | double precision | Wall clock wait time (in ms) for storage requests in the YSQL layer, including the network latency               |
```
